c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\League.exe.config
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\League.exe
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\League.pdb
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\League.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\AddCategoryView.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\AddEquipmentView.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\AddNinjaView.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\EditCategoryView.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\EditEquipmentView.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\EditNinjaView.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\InventoryView.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\MarketPlaceView.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\League_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\League_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\AddCategoryView.baml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\AddEquipmentView.baml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\AddNinjaView.baml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\EditCategoryView.baml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\EditEquipmentView.baml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\EditNinjaView.baml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\InventoryView.baml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\View\MarketPlaceView.baml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\League.g.resources
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\League.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\League.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\League.exe
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\League.pdb
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bas\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\League\League\obj\Debug\League_Content.g.cs
